# special-eureka
Projects
Home or Run 
I made this website called Home or Run, it was inspired by the season of summer and my close friend Olivia who had a passion to become a Marine Biologist and would constantly talk about how fascinating creatures at sea are, how they survive, protect themselves and hunt. Which gave me an idea how to make an informational webpage that would lead to a vibrant interactive webpage that talks about the aquatic creatures and whether you should hug and take them home or rather you need to run as fast as you can. Learning about their abilities, characteristics, behaviors, where they are from, and even personalities with my fun hopefully (funny) writing style to write paragraphs about these amazing creatures. 

How to use "Home or Run" 
On the main page there is a word box  with many animals listed. The word box which is brown and decorated with seashells the search box is under it, you type an animal in and  will take you to another webpage you can go back to search more animals. Also this webpage must have the right spelling in order for it to function. 


How I made the "Home or Run" was to first design the main page where I would put the word box to let users know what they can type in. To give it more of a summer vibe with basic CSS and html. A part of a word box was imported as an img, also the seashells and coral were images too. For the bubbles to float up never knew it was possible to do it was crafted by CSS but instead of using a graphic, using a basic circle, colors and opacity to make it look like bubbles also div's and nth-child to make them slightly different from each other. Using Animations on CSS like @keyframes rise. Not an animation but “infinite” so bubbles keep rising. I realized that coding  the front of a webpage would be so much better If I used Canva so I did  and uploaded the web designs to a svg file then to VS code. I did this to give myself a sense of  more creative freedom with this project and writing fun paragraphs for the pages made me smile . For bringing my vision of how I wanted my animal webpages to be look especially the run group I added videos muted and engaging music with a stark difference between the home and the run groups (all of them are still animals) The javascript part needed to work together with my search box so for every input eg: "Sea-turtle" Java script will give you an output to sea-turtle.html. I did this repeatedly until I was done linking all the webpages to their own  search word 
Challenges I faced with this project made me think, should I just start something I am more familiar with, something that already has the answers and is structured then whatever is happening in my own mind. But I learned if I was ever to learn I have to do something that I might be terrible at, one of things might be sizing my images properly preventing horizontal scrolling and overflow which took a while...padding and the border being the right size making sure all my files were below 800px. Finding out I misspelled index.html to intex.html when I tried uploading it to git hub playable url  it would not work I thought I did everything right, couldn't find out what was going until later I looked at my file and other videos to help me find out what was going to look closely and theirs said index and git hub can't recognize "intex" . When I tried to attach the sea shells to the brown container either too big, too small or just not in the right position. If seen my commits were mostly fixing this issue. Things I have learned was I am capable of If I don't give up if things start to be challenging. I learned a lot more about HTML and CSS, how order is important, closing tags, and how .class works which was satisfying selector to use. Surprisingly, making web pages is easier than I thought before I  was avoiding these languages. 
Languages used: HTML, CSS and Java Script. 
Resources: Visual Studio Code, Codecademy, for making svg's used Canva, W3Schools, Youtube, google search. 

Music Credits: 
1.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9kzE8isXlQY Youtube Channel: Chill chill journal title: Less talk.... more action. / Lo-fi for study, work ( with Rain sounds)
2.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H1xnKPtQl-s&list=PLfLYIvrJj4yBXXPv-ea3-jzVsBGy1kce6 Youtube Channel: Chill pill studio Title: 20 minutes - Relax & study with me Lofi | Tunes of Capy



